 story about miniature goggles. It is odd they need to be miniature, because most people who need goggles are not terribly small
but we'll make it out like a very small person needs really cool goggles to make the world normal sized. This is a story of, we'll
call him the small man with miniature goggles, is able to experience a normal world due to these amazing miniature goggles that can
not only fit on his face, but make it seem like the world is "normal sized" (as a normal sized human would see it). This begs many
questions, as well as the need for a good story. Let's say this good story takes
place where you would expect someone like this to be: Washington D.C. 

There are many ordinary citizens in Washington, DC, and Cassie is one of them. Like most others, he needs miniature goggles to make the world a normal size. Cassie is a laboratory researcher and he is responsible for the care and maintenance of the microscope. Today he came to the lab as usual, but an unexpected thing happened.
When Cassie put on his miniature goggles in order to see the world "normally" he found himself to be not only normal sized, but found himself huge. This posed quite a dilemma for Cassie, as not only was he not used to being large but he had plenty of work to fulfill and he could not do it while he was larger than all his equipment. And so Cassie spent the day finding 
a solution for his problem but he did not. The next day when he returned to work and put his goggles back on, it was suddenly normal again, or as normal as his job could be. He later found out that he had accidently put on two pairs of goggles the previous day.

Finally, his idea works! Cassie can see the world normally with these goggles
and possibly make a few extra dollars if anyone has the same problem as him.
The US government seemed quite intriguied with his idea. While he is starting
to model a business for people who are increasingly having the same issue as 
him, he wakes up in a place he does not recongize. He tries to get up, and 
proceeds to fall right back asleep. He then wakes up in his own home... 
completely normal sized. The miniature goggles are not necessary anymore,
and his business seemed to disappear in thin air. 
